# CS-230
The client we were working with went as The Gaming Room; They wanted to create an application that included a web-based platform where teams could submit their responses based on visual clues. They had originally intended for it to be an Android application, but they saw it as a web application that would increase accessibility. They wanted it to be sort of like the game "Win, Lose, or Draw," except on a lower budget. I think my recommendations for this project were very well-executed, especially after my revision based off feedback. I believe I could have done a better job, especially in my first revision, by including more info reguarding costs of developement, and navigation. It was crucial to consider the users' plans while attending to their demands for the project so that, in the event that something changed, the least amount of code would need to be changed in order to maintain project progress. The worst thing for a project, in my opinion, would be to have to keep a tight budget; There wasn't much room for DLC or big changes for the game in the future, it felt like. I took a while to finish this project's coding at first since I didn't understand what the instructions were to do, but honestly that's how a lot of my projects starts in my courses. I think one of harder things to do is figure out what is actually being asked of; Once I get that down, it becomes a lot easier. I believe that if I had to design a comparable application again, I would look to finish all supporting classes before working on the main. I thinking doing that helps understand where the code is going in the end. It ensures that nothing is missing, and everything is in order.
